document how to pass MPI.Comm objects to C (#626)
JuliaParallel/MPI.jl: docs/src/reference/comm.md

MPI.Comm
```

> If you need to pass a Julia `MPI.Comm` object to an external C/C++ library ([via `ccall`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/calling-c-and-fortran-code/)) that expects an `MPI_Comm` argument, you should declare the corresponding `ccall` argument as a `MPI.MPI_Comm` and the correct conversion will be performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to pass a Julia `MPI.Comm` object to an external C/C++ library ([via `ccall`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/calling-c-and-fortran-code/)) that expects an `MPI_Comm` argument, you should declare the corresponding `ccall` argument type `MPI.API.MPI_Comm` and the correct conversion will be performed.
```

> If you need to pass a Julia `MPI.Comm` object to an external C/C++ library ([via `ccall`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/calling-c-and-fortran-code/)) that expects an `MPI_Comm` argument, you should declare the corresponding `ccall` argument as a `Ptr{MPI.MPI_Comm}` and the correct conversion will be performed.

Reviewer: `Ptr` is used if it's a pointer to the handle, not the handle itself.

```suggestion
If you need to pass a Julia `MPI.Comm` object to an external C/C++ library ([via `ccall`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/calling-c-and-fortran-code/)) that expects an `MPI_Comm` argument, you should declare the corresponding `ccall` argument as a `MPI.MPI_Comm` and the correct conversion will be performed.
```
